macerated fried codfish crazy with i
beans typical of the peasants and here
then we prepared some straight pearls
with the pizza of pizarro marin and the
parrozzo that was something that was done
rise and then all the dishes again
typical pizzas well green that yes
they did made him meniscus and then this
is the rope with the pleasant I said the
common free cod
hello bullying friends tv what
we saw the preview and the
description of the many dishes
prepared and offered at the 82nd party
of hedgehog grapes
twenty carts made with many and many
grapes and lots and lots of people that
to stay and see them she was amazed
for the realization the mastery of the
such composition so many people and so much
good wine offered without limits in the
sold glasses of the organization
traditional wines and foods of the tradition of
Chinese that brought so much joy and
will to live
improvised public songs and dances
becomes the protagonist in an atmosphere of
other times marked by dictated deadlines
just the long fields outside
accordion guitars accordions
to the then accompanied all the thistles
on the streets of the town in celebration
folk groups at the head of the procession have
given splits of peasant life from
little past but still alive and felt in
all present
a day of true carelessness
helped as I said before by a good
glass of wine that a little helped
so to forget g moments in certain
young and old all together for
exorcise the fear that this present
of which he knows no end
a thousand and one smiles and outstretched arms
to offer clean dakar food to
scent of sausages and bacon have
also known to kidnap a commissioner
too careful and scrupulous in the solo
record and not to be transported
at the head that brought then the
square packed to capacity to enjoy
of the joy shown of the rigid of
being a spectator is the protagonist
appearance in the whirling film and of joy e
carefree that for the whole
afternoon the night has called back
ariccia so much and so many visitors
evening walls to have saved lives
Best wishes to your angel
regional